Implement own custom image of Kafka-Connect with plugins (#29)
telefonicaid/kafnus: doc/01_installation.md

---

## 1. 📦 Kafka Connect Plugins Setup

Kafka Connect now uses a custom-built Docker image with all required plugins included. You'll need to:

1. Build the required JARs (next section)

> 2. Place them in the correct structure under `kafka-connect-custom/plugins/`

Reviewer: Maybe "correct structure" is not explicit enough. What about this?

```suggestion
2. Place them in under `kafka-connect-custom/plugins/` in the same directory structure shown below.
```

or some other alternative explicit enough.

---

## 3. 📥 Download External Tools (for Monitoring)

> To use **Prometheus and Grafana** for monitoring Kafka Connect, you’ll need to download the **JMX Prometheus Java Agent**.

Author: Monitoring keeps been optional, but now it is not optional to add JMX Prometheus Java Agent. This plugins needs to be present, so Dockerfile does not fail and to allow monitoring.
